hello everybody who's watching I am ztk
I am the co-owner of aggressive gaming
Raj we have recently opened up a client
server and as somebody gave me the idea
the idea to make a video tutorial
section or video tutorials on how to do
specific types of jumps or different
strafing a ladder chase is the title of
this video and that's what we're gonna
be diving into someone I get into that
right now please check out all of my
other videos
alright so ladders race people will go
up like that and get stuck over and over
and over right lots of newer people they
just they can't figure it out now I'm
here too I'm here to help out newer
people but if you're Pro are already too
good at this game chances are that's not
gonna help that much but your goal to
get from one spot to another with a
ladder
like a ladder straight you don't want
pure vertical speed you don't want that
like no matter what your mind tells you
that's not the entire point a lot of
shaping a big part of getting to be your
destination with a ladder strafe is also
horizontal speed I'm not sure if we're
using that under percent right now I
really care well that means you want to
come off the ladder horizontally or to
like one side to another side and also
vertically so you want to like when you
finally come off the ladder you want to
be going in a direction that sends you
to the side but also going up so that
usually works if you can do it like
right around the left of the top corner
of the ladder now I'm gonna do it the
easier way to do the ladder stress
because you can do it front ways but
it's a little harder from me I go up to
the top of a ladder close to it up out
here and I want to go up and to the
right now before I do this I'm my tomato
sake don't don't judge me I didn't cool
see that it gives you enough speed
coming up and around and going up high
so you get double the velocity and
that's really where your ladders waves
come from when people go up over the top
that makes it ten times harder so just
get near the top of the ladder
and come up and around
like that but suffer make it so I all
that the see when I think or what I did
there I automatically know what I did
wrong I did not go up high enough so
that means I probably came off the
ladder like right here when I needed to
come off up here it was really easy to
identify how to do a lot of stroke
better but it's hard to do it on your
first try and I hope this video helped
donate to AG we love support and also
we're looking for just a strong player
base and also some staff as of today I'm
not sure how line the staff thing is
gonna last because we're gonna hire I
get it in that hire if you get a few
happens I don't leave it like that for a
little bit so thanks for watching the
video if you need any other help just
ask me I'll be in the server all the
time thank you for watching